Who can prove that I broke this tea set?
Can you prove it?
Who says there is no evidence?
There is no surveillance in this room.
But I just cleaned this tea set.
That is to say
If I send this tea set fragment
You, Master Chen, are the only one who knows this.
snort
Okay, I won't tease you anymore.
This one hundred million is nothing to me.
Just sprinkle some water
If it breaks, it breaks.
It's you, Phil.
You should remember this next time.
What I give others cannot afford
I see
What are you still standing there for?
If you don't get out of here, you'll have to pay the money.
good
I'm coming
snort
Oh, oh, oh, oh
That Lu Feng
Why don't we discuss it?
The lifelong event between you and Fei'er
Lifetime Events
Yes, yes.
The goddess of Philippine is so popular
It shouldn't be difficult to find a horse while riding a donkey.
Hey hey hey
Brother Feng, Brother Feng
Look at the good things you did.
The wind brother was mad and left
Oops, I scratched it wrong.
But you have to hold on to this wind.
That's right, everyone's success is all thanks to him.
Hey